








1. What is Semantic HTML? 
An element that clearly describes it's function to both browser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages and applications.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It defines additional properties and characteristics of an element and should be used in the tagline
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tag is used for the main header and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Img and src tags require attributes to function properly.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title and other description to for better search engine optimization.
    7. What is an id? 
An id specifies a unique id for an element in html and must only be used once for stylization.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
You can id any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You should only use the same ID once, different elements should not have the same id.
    10. What is a class? 
Used to identify a group of elements for stylization and can be used to style multiple elements within the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
You can use
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
(target="_blank") after the link so that it opens in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Alt attribute is to describe the image for search engines and screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
To reference an id in css you use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section describes a different part of a webpage, title, paragraph, chapter where as div describes is for a section of code within html.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for stylization of webpages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
H2{
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Classes are used for multiple elements that you want to reference and change the same way where as ID is specific to one element on the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Classes are selected using a period and are referenced as such ".group1"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
".human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
If you're styling an element nested within an element for example div > p{
}. You name the parent element followed by the child element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Reference the class .sidebar and then select the specific links within the element.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector specifies a special state and how it interacts with an element like :hover;


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform: "lowercase" "uppercase" "capitalize"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Body:
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* This is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Ls - > Enter
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
Rm command and because it doesn't ask if you're sure you want to delete this file? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
All the time so that you don't lose your progress whenever you update your code.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
"push -u origin branch-name "
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

Access and submit all of your projects from this point forward. Using what you've learned so far about git and the command line you will be able to fork a repo, clone it to your local machine, work on the project, then create a pull request for submission.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

